## CSS Selectors
> element Selector = like <p>

> id Selector = write a hash (#) character

> class Selector = write a period (.) character

> Grouping Selectors

> group selectors, separate each selector with a comma.
    example 
    h1, h2, p {
    text-align: center;
    color: red;
    }
## Three Ways to Insert CSS
    External style sheet
    Internal style sheet
    Inline style
## The CSS Box Model
    All HTML elements can be considered as boxes
    It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content
## The position Property
>position: static = Static positioned elements are not affected by the top, bottom, left, and right properties.

>position: relative = Setting the top, right, bottom, and left properties of a relatively-positioned element will cause it to be adjusted away from its normal position. Other content will not be adjusted to fit into any gap left by the element.

>position: fixed = it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled.

>position: absolute = if an absolute positioned element has no positioned ancestors, it uses the document body, and moves along with
page scrolling

>position: sticky = A sticky element toggles between relative and fixed, depending on the scroll position

### CSS Positioning Properties
    Property	Description
    bottom:	Sets the bottom margin edge for a positioned box
    clip:	Clips an absolutely positioned element
    left:	Sets the left margin edge for a positioned box
    position:	Specifies the type of positioning for an element
    right:	Sets the right margin edge for a positioned box
    top:	Sets the top margin edge for a positioned box
    z-index: Sets the stack order of an element

## Overlapping Elements
    When elements are positioned, they can overlap other elements.
    Z-index property specifies the stack order of an element (which element should be placed in front of, or behind)
    An element can have a positive or negative stack order:

## CSS Overflow
    overflow property has the following values:
    overflow: visible - Default. The overflow is not clipped. The content renders outside the element's box
    overflow: hidden - The overflow is clipped, and the rest of the content will be invisible
    overflow: scroll - The overflow is clipped, and a scrollbar is added to see the rest of the content
    overflow: auto - Similar to scroll, but it adds scrollbars only when necessary

## CSS Layout - display
    display: inline; /* the default for span */
    display: block;
    display: inline-block

    display: inline-block allows to set a width and height on the element.
    display: inline-block, the top and bottom margins/paddings are respected, but with display: inline they are not.
    display: inline-block does not add a line-break after the element, so the element can sit next to other elements.

## CSS Layout - Horizontal & Vertical Align
`Center Align Elements`
    To horizontally center a block element (like `<div>`), use margin: auto;

`Center Align Text`
    To just center the text inside an element, use text-align: center;

`Center an Image`
    To center an image, set left and right margin to auto and make it into a block element:

`Left and Right Align` - Using position
    One method for aligning elements is to use position: absolute;:

`Left and Right Align` - Using float
    Another method for aligning elements is to use the float property:

## CSS Combinators
A combinator is something that explains the relationship between the selectors.

`descendant selector` (space)
    div p {
    background-color: yellow;
    }

`child selector (>)`
    selects all elements that are the immediate children 
    div > p {
    background-color: yellow;
    }

`adjacent sibling selector (+)`
    must have the same parent element, and "adjacent" means "immediately following".
    div + p {
    background-color: yellow;
    }

`general sibling selector (~)`
    selects all elements that are siblings of a specified element
    div ~ p {
    background-color: yellow;
    }
