

>D3 stands for Data-Driven Documents. D3.js is a JavaScript library for manipulating documents based on data. 
>Data visualization is the presentation of data in a pictorial or graphical format. 
>These elements can be HTML, SVG, or Canvas elements and can be introduced, removed, or edited according to the contents of the data set
## D3.js Features
    Extremely flexible.
    Easy to use and fast.
    Supports large datasets.
    Declarative programming.
    Code reusability.
    Has wide variety of curve generating functions.
    Associates data to an element or group of elements in the html page.

## Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG)
    SVG is a way to render images on the webpage. SVG is not a direct image, but is just a way to create images using text.
    It is a Scalable Vector.
    <svg width = "500" height = "500"></<svg>
    Now draw a rectangle
    <svg width = "500" height = "500">
        <rect x = "0" y = "0" width = "300" height = "200" fill = "yellow"></rect>
    </svg>

## D3.js helps to select elements from the HTML page by 2 ways
    select() − Selects only one DOM element by matching the given CSS selector.
    selectAll() − Selects all DOM elements by matching the given CSS selector.

## The select() method
    The select() method selects the HTML element based on CSS Selectors.
>Tag of a HTML element (e.g. div, h1, p, span, etc.,)
    Selection by Tag
    d3.select(“div”)
>Class name of a HTML element
    Selection by Class name
    d3.select(“.class-name”)
>ID of a HTML element
    Selection by ID
    d3.select(“#<id of an element>”)

## Adding DOM Elements
    d3.select("div.myclass").append("span");
    The text() Method: The text() method is used to set the content of the selected / appended elements.

    chain syntax,
    var body = d3.select("div.myclass");
    var span = body.append("span");
    span.text("from D3.js");

## Modifying Elements
The html() Method: The html() method is used to set the html content of the selected / appended elements.
         d3.select(".myclass").html("Hello World! <span>from D3.js</span>");
The attr() Method: The attr() method is used to add or update the attribute of the selected elements.
         d3.select(".myclass").attr("style", "color: red");
The style() Method: The style() method is used to set the style property of the selected elements.
         d3.select(".myclass").style("color", "red");
The classed() Method
    Add class
    d3.select(".myclass").classed("myanotherclass", true);
    Remove class
    d3.select(".myclass").classed("myanotherclass", false);
    Check Class
    d3.select(".myclass").classed("myanotherclass");

## The selectAll() Method
The selectAll() method is used to select multiple elements in the HTML document.
We can chain all the appending modifying methods, append(), html(), text(), attr(), style(), classed()

## Data Join
Data join enables us to inject, modify and remove elements based on the data set in the existing HTML document.
    d3.select("#list").selectAll("li")
    .data([10, 20, 30, 25, 15])         -> this is datasets
    .text(function(d) { return d; });

### Data Join Methods
    datum(): It is used once the element is selected using selectors.
    data(): The enter() method outputs the set of data item for which no graphic element existed before
    enter(): The enter() method outputs the set of data item for which no graphic element existed before
    exit(): The exit() method outputs the set of graphic elements for which no data exists any longer.